# Scripts
Random Python and Bash scripts that I wrote based on random ideas.

## Python Scripts
### Cipher.py
Encodes a Plaintext either by using ROT13 (Caesar Cipher) or the Vigenère Cipher.
Decodes a Ciphertext which was encoded using either of the two ciphers mentioned above.
More Cipher techniques will probably be added later.
The Plaintext or Ciphertext must be passed through standard input.

### HandTracking.py
Uses Google's Mediapipe module to track the movement of a human hand either through a pre-recorded video
or live through the webcam.
Also added a function to make a given picture larger or smaller by bringing the index finger and the
thumb closer or farther to each other (AKA Pinch).
Currently, the picture used to test this function is the "hand_landmarks.png" which lies inside the [Icons and Pictures directory](https://github.com/BhargavMadhav/Scripts/tree/main/Python%20Scripts/Icons%20and%20Pictures). But the picture used can be changed by modifying the path inside the script to
the desired file.

### InputAutomation.py
A script that I wrote to experiment with the pyautogui module that automates GUI interaction
like mouse clicks and key strokes.
Currently, it first opens MS Paint and draws a cool design, after which it opens the Edge browser to search
for "Never Gonna Give You Up" by Rick Astley on YouTube ;)
This functionality requires an image of the GUI element to be interacted with, an image of the icon of MS
Paint or the Edge browser, for example.
All the necessary images are stored inside the [Icons and Pictures directory](https://github.com/BhargavMadhav/Scripts/tree/main/Python%20Scripts/Icons%20and%20Pictures).

### Ok Let's Think.py
This script basically extracts all the saved Wi-Fi passwords stored on a Windows Machine and writes them to a text file called Results.txt in the same directory.
There's also an option to email the text file to whoever we want.
More features probably coming soon.

### OpenCV.py
This script was written for educational and experimental purposes to learn and master the opencv python module.

### Recursion.py
This script was written for educational and experimental purposes to learn and master Recursion.
Currently, this script can calculate the factorial of any given number using recursion.

### Whatever I want it to be.py
As the name suggests, this script is used to test out and learn whatever I want.
It has no intended purpose, yet.

### Sample CSV file
Was downloaded when I was trying to learn the basics of the CSV module which is used to manipulate existing csv files or create new ones.

## Bash Scripts
### Bash.sh
Just a sample shell script I wrote to learn Bash and experiment with the language.

## Gitignore
Currently intended to ignore all text files because the Results.txt file generated by "Ok Let's Think.py", if it was ever pushed to the repo, contains sensitive information and must be ignored.
